Palestinians are marking today the
arrival of holiday Amed no respite of
the Israeli attacks now they are praying
on public areas where they are
surrounded by destruction and
Devastation they came here today to pray
and at the same time to congratulate
each other for the arrival of ID and
basically order to also bring a sense of
hope that they are still clinging to
their Homeland and generally typically
Palestinians used to celebrate this
holiday by meeting their families and at
the same time in order to share large
meals that can be no longer affordable
as more of than half of gaza's
population on the brink of famine the
situation is extremely tragic right now
as those Palestinians are trying to do
the best in light of the Israeli ongoing
aggression to bring happiness for those
young children as lots of it children
today will wake up and celebrate Eid Al
without any parents as this Eid came
loaded with burdens for Palestinians who
are trying to drow a sense of Happiness
on the faces of their children anded no
kind of let up in attacks and despite
all of the tragedies Palestinians have
been experiencing since October the 7th
T abzun Al
jazer
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler